[COMSUP-172] Route to cloud functions using renderWithApp() (#921)
edgio-docs/edgio-docs: src/guides/v7/performance/cdn_as_code/route_features.md

## Routing to Cloud Functions {/* routing-to-cloud-functions */}

> Render the result of a Cloud Function within your application by using the `renderWithApp` method. Use this method to respond with an SSR or API result from your application.

Author: ```suggestion
Render the result of a Cloud Function within your application by using the [`renderWithApp`](/docs/api/core/classes/router_RouteHelper.default.html#renderWithApp) method. Use this method to respond with an SSR or API result from your application.
```

> If your request needs to be run on the {{ PRODUCT }} cloud, you can use the `renderWithApp` method to render your result using your application. Use this method to respond with an SSR or API result from your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Render the result of a Cloud Function within your application by using the `renderWithApp` method. Use this method to respond with an SSR or API result from your application.
```

{{ routehelper_usage.md }}

```js

> import {SERVERLESS_ORIGIN_NAME} from '@edgio/core/origins';
> 

Author: ```suggestion
```
